chore: add documentation regarding TLS certs without SANs (#1113)
coder/docs: images/tls-certificates.md

The specific process to add system-level certificates depends on the Linux
distribution that you're using, but it is typically done by adding your
certificates to your system's trusted CA repository.

## TLS Certificate Requirements

Since the publication of RFC 2818 in 2000, the `commonName` field has been
[considered deprecated](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/security-dev/c/IGT2fLJrAeo/m/csf_1Rh1AwAJ).

The Go programming language, which Coder uses, recently began enforcing this and

> ignoring the `commonName` field (source) in favour of the Subject Alternative

Reviewer: Consistency with rest of docs:

```suggestion
ignoring the `commonName` field (source) in favor of the Subject Alternative
```

Author: 🇺🇸

Name (SAN) field.

This essentially means that SSL certificates are required to use

> `Subject Alternative Name` instead of `commonName`. If you attempt to use such a
> certificate with Coder, you may see the following error:

Reviewer: Suggestion: Unclear such-reference (IMO):

```suggestion
`Subject Alternative Name` instead of `commonName`. If you attempt to use a
certificate having `commonName` with Coder, you may see the following error:
```

```shell
x509: certificate relies on legacy Common Name field, use SANs instead
```

Certificates may specify both fields for interoperability with existing software
that requires the `commonName` field.

If you see this error when building a workspace or performing other operations

> with Coder workspaces, you may be running into this specific issue. To verify

Reviewer: Suggestion: this error this issue = a lot of this.

```suggestion
with Coder workspaces, you may be running into the aforementioned issue. To verify
```

Author: this

that this is the case, you can inspect the certificate of your Coder deployment

> with the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the following command:
```

```shell
openssl s_client -connect coder.domain.tld:443 < /dev/null 2>/dev/null \|
sed -ne '/-BEGIN CERTIFICATE-/,/-END CERTIFICATE-/p' \|
openssl x509 -text -noout \|
grep -A1 'Subject Alternative Name'
```

> The expected output of the above comand if your certificate has SANs specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your certificate has SANs specified, the expected output for the above command
```

would be similar to the following:

```shell
           X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
                DNS:*.coder.domain.tld, DNS:coder.domain.tld, DNS:domain.tld
```

> Otherwise, blank output is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, a blank output is expected.
```
